docs/en/installer.md, before:

# Installation Helper

The ``scripts/install.py`` utility installs the engine with selected extras.
Run it from the repository root:

```bash
python scripts/install.py --extras opengl sdl audio
```

Use ``--editable`` to install in development mode or ``--package`` to install
additional packages, for example the optional editor:

```bash
python scripts/install.py --package sage-editor
```

The script invokes ``pip`` under the hood. Extras can also be installed
directly with ``pip install .[opengl,sdl,audio]``.
When passing ``--target`` you must add that directory to ``PYTHONPATH`` to
import the engine. Leaving the path blank installs to the default site-packages
location.

``SAGE Setup`` offers the same functionality with a PyQt6 interface. Pip output
is streamed to a scrollable text window with an indeterminate progress bar.
Leave the location field blank to install to site-packages or type a folder
such as ``~/sage_engine``. Extras are read from ``pyproject.toml`` so new
options appear automatically. Install the ``qt`` extra or PyQt6 separately to
use it.
```bash
python -m sage_setup
```
After installation you can open projects with ``SAGE Launcher`` (also PyQt6-based).
The launcher lets you choose a directory to scan for projects, create new ones
and even run ``SAGE Setup`` again with different extras. Tabs provide buttons to
update the engine or open this documentation. Games are started in a separate
process so the launcher stays open, and any start errors are reported:
```bash
python -m sage_launcher
```

Commit message:

Add localisation and version selection

docs/en/installer.md, after:

# Installation Helper

The ``scripts/install.py`` utility installs the engine with selected extras.
Run it from the repository root:

```bash
python scripts/install.py --extras opengl sdl audio
```

Use ``--editable`` to install in development mode or ``--package`` to install
additional packages, for example the optional editor:

```bash
python scripts/install.py --package sage-editor
```

The script invokes ``pip`` under the hood. Extras can also be installed
directly with ``pip install .[opengl,sdl,audio]``.
When passing ``--target`` you must add that directory to ``PYTHONPATH`` to
import the engine. Leaving the path blank installs to the default site-packages
location.

``SAGE Setup`` offers the same functionality with a PyQt6 interface. Pip output
is streamed to a scrollable text window with an indeterminate progress bar.
Leave the location field blank to install to site-packages or type a folder
such as ``~/sage_engine``. Extras are read from ``pyproject.toml`` so new
options appear automatically. Install the ``qt`` extra or PyQt6 separately to
use it.
Specify a version to install multiple copies under ``~/sage_engine/<version>``.
The interface supports English and Russian depending on the ``SAGE_LANG``
environment variable.
```bash
python -m sage_setup
```
After installation you can open projects with ``SAGE Launcher`` (also PyQt6-based).
The launcher lets you choose a directory to scan for projects, create new ones
and even run ``SAGE Setup`` again with different extras. Tabs provide buttons to
update the engine or open this documentation. Games are started in a separate
process so the launcher stays open, and any start errors are reported:
```bash
python -m sage_launcher
```
