docs/en/optimisation.md, before:

# Optimisation Tips

To keep large projects running smoothly consider the following options:

- **Headless mode** – Run the engine with the `NullRenderer` to skip all drawing
  when running automated tests or servers.
- **Keep sprite counts low** – Batch updates and reuse sprite data where
  possible to reduce per-frame work.
- **Use Numba or Cython** – Installing `numba` or compiling heavy modules with
  Cython can greatly accelerate math-heavy code.
- **Tune image cache** – Set `SAGE_IMAGE_CACHE_LIMIT` or pass
  ``image_cache_limit`` via `EngineSettings` to control how many sprites are
  kept in memory.
- **Adjust VSync/FPS** – Disable VSync (`--no-vsync`) or lower ``fps`` in
  ``EngineSettings`` on older machines to reduce rendering overhead.
- **Asynchronous events** – Large scenes can update events concurrently using `EventSystem.update_async(engine, scene, dt)` or `await EventSystem.update_asyncio(engine, scene, dt)`
  to reduce frame time. Use a thread-safe variable store when events modify shared data.
  Enable concurrent updates globally with:

  ```python
  eng = Engine(scene=my_scene, async_events=True, event_workers=8)
  eng.run()
  ```

  You can also profile groups of events by priority to identify bottlenecks:

  ```python
  for name in eng.events.get_group_names():
      eng.events.update_group(name, eng, eng.scene, 0)
      # measure time per group here
  ```
  Event priority can also be used to batch expensive actions:

  ```python
  eng.events.add_event(Event([...], [...], priority=10, groups=["physics"]))
  eng.events.update_group("physics", eng, eng.scene, dt)
  ```

Commit message:

Improve reverse animation and async loop

docs/en/optimisation.md, after:

# Optimisation Tips

To keep large projects running smoothly consider the following options:

- **Headless mode** – Run the engine with the `NullRenderer` to skip all drawing
  when running automated tests or servers.
- **Keep sprite counts low** – Batch updates and reuse sprite data where
  possible to reduce per-frame work.
- **Use Numba or Cython** – Installing `numba` or compiling heavy modules with
  Cython can greatly accelerate math-heavy code.
- **Tune image cache** – Set `SAGE_IMAGE_CACHE_LIMIT` or pass
  ``image_cache_limit`` via `EngineSettings` to control how many sprites are
  kept in memory.
- **Adjust VSync/FPS** – Disable VSync (`--no-vsync`) or lower ``fps`` in
  ``EngineSettings`` on older machines to reduce rendering overhead.
- **Asynchronous events** – Large scenes can update events concurrently using `EventSystem.update_async(engine, scene, dt)` or `await EventSystem.update_asyncio(engine, scene, dt)`
  to reduce frame time. Use a thread-safe variable store when events modify shared data.
  When enabling ``asyncio_events`` the engine keeps a single event loop for updates.
  Enable concurrent updates globally with:

  ```python
  eng = Engine(scene=my_scene, async_events=True, event_workers=8)
  eng.run()
  ```

  You can also profile groups of events by priority to identify bottlenecks:

  ```python
  for name in eng.events.get_group_names():
      eng.events.update_group(name, eng, eng.scene, 0)
      # measure time per group here
  ```
  Event priority can also be used to batch expensive actions:

  ```python
  eng.events.add_event(Event([...], [...], priority=10, groups=["physics"]))
  eng.events.update_group("physics", eng, eng.scene, dt)
  ```
