docs/python_scripts.md, before:

# Python Scripting

The engine can execute `.py` files located in `data/scripts`. During
`core_boot()` the scripts are loaded in alphabetical order if
`enable_python` is set to `true` in `sage/config/scripts.yaml`.

Scripts run inside a strict sandbox. Only common safe builtins such as
`abs`, `range` and `print` are available. Imports are validated against an
allowlist. By default `math`, `random`, `time`, `datetime` and helpers
from `logic_api` are allowed. Functions like `open`, `eval` or `exec` are
removed. Attempting to import other modules raises an `ImportError`.

You can extend the allowlist via `allowed_modules` in
`sage/config/scripts.yaml`:

```yaml
allowed_modules:
  - math
  - textwrap
```

The sandbox resets for every execution so variables do not leak between
scripts. Helpers such as `create_object` can be injected with
`set_python_globals`.

Example script:

```python
print("Booted")
create_object("cube", "Sprite", {"x": 0, "y": 0})
```

Enable hot reloading with `watch_scripts: true`.

Commit message:

Allow lambda in sandbox and export input

docs/python_scripts.md, after:

# Python Scripting

The engine can execute `.py` files located in `data/scripts`. During
`core_boot()` the scripts are loaded in alphabetical order if
`enable_python` is set to `true` in `sage/config/scripts.yaml`.

Scripts run inside a strict sandbox. Only common safe builtins such as
`abs`, `range` and `print` are available. Imports are validated against an
allowlist. By default `math`, `random`, `time`, `datetime` and helpers
from `logic_api` are allowed. Functions like `open`, `eval` or `exec` are
removed. Attempting to import other modules raises an `ImportError`.

Lambda expressions are allowed by default. Set `allow_lambda: false` in
`scripts.yaml` to forbid them if needed.

You can extend the allowlist via `allowed_modules` in
`sage/config/scripts.yaml`:

```yaml
allowed_modules:
  - math
  - textwrap
```

The sandbox resets for every execution so variables do not leak between
scripts. Helpers such as `create_object` can be injected with
`set_python_globals`.

Example script:

```python
print("Booted")
create_object("cube", "Sprite", {"x": 0, "y": 0})
```

Enable hot reloading with `watch_scripts: true`.
